DOC-783 Add hideClipboard functionality (#1355)
spectrocloud/librarium: README.md

![Example usage of codeblocks with highlighting.](assets/docs/images/readme_codeblocks_example.png)

> ### Hide copy clip button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Hide ClipBoard Button
```

> copy button will be shown by default. you can override by passing hideClipboard in markdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The copy button is shown by default in all code blocks. You can disable the copy button by passing in the parameter value `hideClipboard` in the markdown declaration of the code blocks. 
```

Language cleanup.

_Example_: <pre>
bash hideClipboard
Failed to update kubeadmControlPlane Connection timeout connecting to Kubernetes Endpoint 
</pre>

> ![Result](assets/docs/images/hide_copy_button.png)

Reviewer: @nagesh161007 instead of this example, let's put a screenshot of the markdown code. Similar to how I did with the coloredLines example above

![CleanShot 2023-06-07 at 13 31 35](https://github.com/spectrocloud/librarium/assets/29551334/b8f066fa-0bcc-49c9-84be-40d13737ca9e)
